MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Quantum-Guard™ Development Team

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

## Additional Terms for Quantum-Guard™ Edition

This software includes revolutionary quantum neural network technology and 
advanced cryptographic implementations. Users are responsible for compliance 
with local regulations regarding cryptocurrency and blockchain technology.

### Disclaimer

Quantum-Guard™ Edition is experimental software implementing cutting-edge 
quantum-classical hybrid technology. While we implement military-grade 
security measures, users should understand the experimental nature of 
quantum computing integration.

### Patent Notice

Certain quantum neural network implementations may be subject to pending 
patent applications. Commercial use should verify patent clearance in 
relevant jurisdictions.

### Export Control

This software may be subject to export control regulations. Users are 
responsible for compliance with applicable export laws and regulations.